Update wufb-reports-admin-center-permissions.md (#11302)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/update/includes/wufb-reports-admin-center-permissions.md

To display the workbook and view the **Windows** tab in the **Software Updates** page [Microsoft 365 admin center](https://admin.microsoft.com) use the following role:
  - [Global Reader role](/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference#global-reader)
  - [Policy and Profile Manager](/mem/intune/fundamentals/role-based-access-control#built-in-roles)
  - Windows Update Deployment Administrator
    

>     Intune Policy and Profile Manager and Windows Update Deployment Administrator roles are much more scoped and would be recommended for accessing the Windows Update for Business reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We recommend using the Intune Policy and Profile Manager or Windows Update Deployment Administrator roles to access the Windows Update for Business reports because they are more scoped than the Global reader role.
```
